and the bike drives well for for the
extra engine you really don't notice
that extra weight very exciting to ride
and it still handles good not not like a
stop it single engine bike but it it
goes down the road and makes the turns
just just fine it has tremendous amount
of torque
I don't need first gear it just goes
easy bike to drive and I ride a Harley
and this feels like a toy actually
compared to Harley but it celebrates a
lot faster than the Harley hello I'm
Nick DiBenedetto this is my twin-engine
Triumph motorcycle I'm going to do a
start up procedure it's pretty similar
to a stock Tryon Bonneville except you
got twice twice make carburetors so
first thing to do is turn on the
ignition sickle the carburetors but that
does bring gasoline up to the highest
point so the engine starts a little
easier
this bike is equipped with compression
releases their manual manual releases so
you to release to open the valve you
push down on these little buttons one
over each cylinder and when the bike
starts they automatically close so each
time I kick it over those usually pop
back up I have to reset them so we'll
give it a shot
you